[HOPSWORKS-2071][append] Data validation hsfs docs (#241)
logicalclocks/feature-store-api: docs/templates/feature_validation.md

# Feature Validation with the Hopsworks Feature Store

Correct feature data is essential for developing accurate machine learning models.

> Raw data being ingested into the feature store maybe suffer from incorrect or corrupt values, may need to be validated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raw data being ingested into the feature store might suffer from incorrect or corrupt values, and may need to be validated
```

against certain features depending on the domain. For example, a feature representing the customer's age should not be a
negative number and should always have a value set.

HSFS provides an API to define expectations on data being inserted into feature groups and also view results over time
of these expectations in the form of feature validations.

Feature validations can therefore be easily integrated with existing feature ingestion pipelines.
HSFS utilizes the [Deequ](https://github.com/awslabs/deequ) open source library and support is currently being added for
working with the [Great Expectations](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations).

Below we describe the different API components of the hsfs feature validation API and we walk you through Feature

> validation is part of the HSFS Java/Scala and Python API for working with Feature Groups. Users work with the abstractions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
validation as part of the HSFS Java/Scala and Python API for working with Feature Groups. Users work with the following abstractions:
```

    val rules = connection.getRules()
    ```

and to get a rule definition by name:

=== "Python"
    ```python
    import hsfs
    connection = hsfs.connection()
    rules = connection.get_rules()
    ```

=== "Scala"
    ```scala
    import com.logicalclocks.hsfs._
    val connection = HopsworksConnection.builder().build();
    val rules = connection.getRules()
    ```

## Properties
{{ruledefinition}}

{{ruledefinition_properties}}

# Expectations

A set of rule instances that are applied on a set of features. Expecations are created at the feature store level
and can be attached to multiple feature groups.

## Creation

Create an expectation with two rules for ensuring the min and max of the features are valid:

=== "Python"
    ```python
    expectation_sales = fs.create_expectation("sales",
                                               description="min and max sales limits",
                                               features=["salary", "commission"],
                                               rules=[Rule(name="HAS_MIN", level="WARNING", min=0), Rule(name="HAS_MAX", level="ERROR", max=1000000)])
    expectation_sales.save()
    ```

=== "Scala"
    ```scala

>     // Create an expectation for the "salary" and "commissio" features so that their min value is "10" and their max is "100"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Create an expectation for the "salary" and "commission" features so that their min value is "10" and their max is "100"
```
